# Description
## WebChatGPT to include current information from the world wide web 


## Example 
Explain the new features of Angular 15 and why should I use the features?
[1] "Angular enables users to effortlessly move data from JavaScript code to the view, and react to user events without having to write any code manually. 3. Dependency Injection Angular enables users to write modular services and inject them wherever they are needed. This improves the testability and reusability of the same services. 4. Testing"
URL: https://www.simplilearn.com/tutorials/angular-tutorial/what-is-angular

[2] "Angular is meant to be thoroughly tested and it supports both unit and end-to-end testing with tools like Jasmine and Protractor. Angular is mobile and desktop-ready, meaning you have one..."
URL: https://www.sitepoint.com/angular-introduction/

[3] "The feature module always helps us to define the clear separation for the features. With the help of the feature module, we can organize the code and structure in a much better way. It will..."
URL: https://dzone.com/articles/feature-modules-in-angular-why-required-and-when-t


Current date: 2/8/2023

Instructions: Using the provided web search results, write a comprehensive reply to the given query. Make sure to cite results using [[number](URL)] notation after the reference. If the provided search results refer to multiple subjects with the same name, write separate answers for each subject.
Query: Explain the new Angular 15 features and why should I use the features

## Output:

# Without WebChatGPT
I'm sorry, but Angular 15 has not yet been released as of my knowledge cutoff (2021). The latest stable version of Angular is Angular 14, which was released in November 2021. If you have any questions about the features of Angular 14 or any previous version of Angular, I would be happy to help.


# With WebChatGPT
I'm sorry, but my training data only goes up until 2021 and I do not have information on the new features of Angular 15 as it has not been released yet as of my knowledge cut off. However, based on the sources you have provided, Angular is known for its ability to move data from JavaScript code to the view and react to user events without manual coding [1]. It also has strong support for testing, with both unit and end-to-end testing capabilities using tools like Jasmine and Protractor [2]. Another feature of Angular is its use of Feature Modules, which help to define a clear separation for features and improve the organization and structure of code [3].




.....
